Add an example of and better docs for foreign traits. (#1794)
mozilla/uniffi-rs: docs/manual/src/foreign_traits.md

# Foreign traits

UniFFI traits can be implemented by foreign code.
This means traits implemented in Python/Swift/Kotlin etc can provide Rust code with capabilities not easily implemented in Rust, such as:

 * device APIs not directly available to Rust.
 * provide glue to clip together Rust components at runtime.
 * access shared resources and assets bundled with the app.

# Example

To implement a Rust trait in a foreign language, you might:

## 1. Define a Rust trait

This toy example defines a way of Rust accessing a key-value store exposed
by the host operating system (e.g. the key chain).

All methods of the Rust trait should return a `Result<>` with the error half being
a [compatible error type](./udl/errors.md) - see below for more on error handling.

For example:

```rust,no_run
pub trait Keychain: Send + Sync + Debug {
  fn get(&self, key: String) -> Result<Option<String>, KeyChainError>;
  fn put(&self, key: String, value: String) -> Result<(), KeyChainError>;
}
```

> If you didn't add `#[uniffi::export]` above the trait, you will need in your UDL:

Reviewer: What about:
```suggestion
If you are using macros add `#[uniffi::export]` above the trait.
Otherwise define this trait in your UDL file:
```

```webidl
[Trait]
interface Keychain {
    [Throws=KeyChainError]
    string? get(string key);

    [Throws=KeyChainError]
    void put(string key, string data);
};
```

## 2. Allow it to be passed into Rust

Here, we define a new object with a constructor which takes a keychain.

```webidl
interface Authenticator {
    constructor(Keychain keychain);
    void login();
};
```

In Rust we'd write:

```rust,no_run
struct Authenticator {
  keychain: Arc<dyn Keychain>,
}

impl Authenticator {
  pub fn new(keychain: Arc<dyn Keychain>) -> Self {
    Self { keychain }
  }

  pub fn login(&self) {
    let username = self.keychain.get("username".into());
    let password = self.keychain.get("password".into());
  }
}
```

## 3. Create a foreign language implementation of the trait

> Here's a Kotlin implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a Kotlin implementation:
```

```

## 4. Pass the implementation to Rust

Again, in Kotlin

```kt
val authenticator = Authenticator(KotlinKeychain())
// later on:
authenticator.login()
```

and in Swift:

```swift
let authenticator = Authenticator(SwiftKeychain())
// later on:
authenticator.login()
```

Care is taken to ensure that things are cleaned up in the foreign language once all Rust references drop.

## ⚠️  Avoid cycles

Foreign trait implementations make it easy to create cycles between Rust and foreign objects causing memory leaks.
For example a foreign implementation holding a reference to a Rust object which also holds a reference to the same foreign implementation.

UniFFI doesn't try to help here and there's no universal advice; take the usual precautions.

# Error handling

We must handle foreign code failing, so all methods of the Rust trait should return a `Result<>` with a [compatible error type](./udl/errors.md) otherwise these errors will panic.

## Unexpected Error handling.

So long as your function returns a `Result<>`, it's possible for you to define how "unexpected" errors
(ie, errors not directly covered by your `Result<>` type, panics, etc) are converted to your `Result<>`'s `Err`.

> If your code defines a `From<uniffi::UnexpectedUniFFICallbackError>` impl for your error type, then those errors will be converted into your error type which will be returned to the Rust caller instead of panicing.

Reviewer 2: This doc looks great, but maybe call out the panic slightly more.  Something like: "...your error type which will be returned to the Rust caller.  If they do not, then the generated code  will panic."
